I just had a call with Mike Beach, who is the other instructor for the off-grid workshop. We're playing around with different titles to make it appealing for people. One is something like human-scale renewables, or a gentle introduction to human-scale renewables. Maybe that latter one is the one to go with for now. The other element of the course is getting a sense of scale, of energy scales, what is possible, what's not possible. We'll likely borrow from McKay's book Renewable Energy Without the Hot Air, and we'll have handouts and diagrams that help guide intuition. There's a way in which we might provide a pathway for people who would like to learn to teach this kind of workshop, to be trained up, to teach it, and maybe co-teach the workshop with us, and then using a treadmill motor to connect it to a bicycle to charge a battery, and then the other big element we realized is that if we hold this class outdoors in most weather, then one of the kind of cute and interesting things we can do is build DIY electric vests and blankets that people can get inside, maybe like a lined sleeping bag, a wearable sleeping bag, so that people can sit around in a circle and be warm, and then we might also warm tea, and it will be pedagogical because we'll be able to say, look, you can keep warm for a couple hours this way, but we're quickly using the juice from the batteries, and so it's not so sustainable, but that and that also we might morph into a discussion around insulation and ways of conserving energy if the application is heat. If you could find a way to weave these into the course description, that would be great.
