An idea occurred to me as a way of solving a particular problem. In this repo, we have the Water Bear Field School site. It's an 11D static site, and it consists of a bunch of categories of workshops and classes and projects and journal entries and that sort of thing. And what I would like is to be able to quickly figure out how to access a relevant markdown file for whatever topic I'm working on. So I'd like to be able to say type in or say keywords, say UV spectroscopy, and it would immediately either open up a particular markdown file for that topic or give me options if it's ambiguous. One way of doing this I'm thinking is to somehow create a parallel server script that serves up the web page, but for every link allows me an option to click on the link and edit it and markdown. Perhaps there would be a button added next to every link that would open the local markdown file and so perhaps this would be an 11D parallel version or a tweak to the templates so that when the site is built with certain parameters, the editing link, the editing button next to every link is shown, but when it's served or deployed and published to the web, it's not shown. Are there any precedents for this sort of thing that you could think of, do you have any other ideas for how to make this easy? The main problem I'm trying to solve is the ability to quickly access the relevant markdown or if I've generated some content, be able to sort of paste that in somewhere. It could be as easy as generating a web page that is a list of all the markdown files organized by category or something like that, but I wonder if there's a way to make it more visual in a way that reflects the structure of the site. I'm not sure which would be faster to edit.
